fattoush is a Lebanese and Syrian salad
that consists of a delicious cucumber
and tomato salad tossed with crunchy
toasted pita bread pieces and dressed
with a pomegranate molasses dressing
we'll start by combining a diced
cucumber with four diced tomatoes and a
thinly sliced onion then you'll add in a
piece of pita bread that's been toasted
and chopped and stir everything to
combine to make our pomegranate molasses
dressing we'll start by adding two
tablespoons of pomegranate molasses and
we'll whisk in the juice of one lemon
we'll season with a pinch of salt and
pepper and then I'm going to drizzle in
while I'm whisking 1/4 cup of extra
virgin olive oil every now and then you
want to stop and whisk and just make
sure that everything is getting
incorporated and emulsified what's the
dressing is thick and smooth you can
drizzle it over the salad leftover steak
slices or shredded rotisserie chicken
would make a good addition to this salad
we'll toss once more to combine and now
we can serve our salad immediately here
we have our fattoush salad perfect for
your next barbecue or picnic enjoy
for thousands of how-to and advice
videos on any topic visit monkey-see
calm